[SMTChecker] Added type constraints on transaction variables also for the contract deployment phase. (#10704)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:

>  * SMTChecker: Fix missing type constraints on blockchain variables in the deployment phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * SMTChecker: Fix missing type constraints on block and transaction variables in the deployment phase.
```

Author: Changed.
